---
layout: default
title: 2020 05 04 Plan 
---

* [Animate My name](#animate-my-name)
* [Student Homework Notes](#student-homework-notes)
* [Homework Part 1: Keep working on Alien Planet](#homework-part-1-keep-working-on-alien-planet)
* [Homework Part 2: A Story Based on the Hare and Tortoise](#homework-part-2-a-story-based-on-the-hare-and-tortoise)
  * [Instructions](#instructions)
  * [Screenplay](#screenplay)
* [Homework Knock Knock Jokes](#homework-knock-knock-jokes)


### Animate My name

Today  we are going to work a little more on the Alien Project, but as a warm up I am going to give you a simple challenge. I am going to play a project. I want you to try to recreate this project. I mean I want you to have 6 characters that behave the same way these characters do. That means:

1. When I start what do they do?

I am going to ask each of you about one character.
Now, program the characters. If you want to see it again, I will keep sharing it.
If you need to ask, that's okay.

2. I am going to touch one of the characters. 

What do they do? 
Can you recreate it. 
I will do it a few times. 
I will ask one of you to tell me in words.


### Student Homework Notes

I went over last week's homework with the students. I gave each student some next steps to keep working on. The most common thing was to make the conversations longer and go back and forth.



### Homework Part 1: Keep working on Alien Planet

Continue adding and revising Alien Planet. 

* Make the characters talk to each other. Try to turn it into a story. 
* 


### Homework Part 2: A Story Based on the Hare and Tortoise

#### Instructions
* You can find a [movie here: ](./images/2020-05-04/Homeworkfor05-11.mov)
* Just do the first part unless you want to do more. The rest we can do in class.
* You can use regular scratch backgrounds, or make your own.
* Choose any characters, or make your own.
* I have made a simple script, but **you can use your own**. 
* Blocks you will need: Start trigger, speech, movement, speed, etc.
* Use messages to make the characters speak in turn. 
* Control the speed of the characters. 
* You can make the characters walk in funny ways.

#### Screenplay
1. The Character2 and the Character1 introduce themselves and decide to have a race
   1. Background: the entrance to the race
   2. Characters: Character1, Character2, Character3, OTher Characters
   3. Script:
      Character1: You are slow. I am the fastest.
      Character2: Actually, I am faster than you. Let's race!
      Character1: Yeah? Okay, let's race.
      Character3: I will be the judge. When I say, go, start running.
      Character3: Ready...Steady....Go
      *Character2 runs slowly, and the Character1 runs quickly off the screen. When he does he disappears we go to the next screen.*


### Homework Knock Knock Jokes

I will email you the [Homework Project for Knock Knock Jokes][]



Once you download the file, please make sure you have the latest version of Scratchjr installed on your device. Then open the attached file and it should appear as a new project, with a blue ribbon.

The project has 4 pages. The first is complete and leads to the second. The second is for you to change with your own knock knock joke. The 3rd is missing some of the code. Can you figure out how to finish it? The last is for you to work with on your own. 


[Homework Project for Knock Knock Jokes]: ./scratchProjects/20200427KnockKnock.sjr -->


