## May 25th

### Homework Review

We reviewed homework. Great work telling me what your stories were about! 

Everyone was using English well. Gambatte! Ooops, I mean Try Hard! ;-)

### Message Mania Part 1

We ran through the Message Mania HW assignment.  The purpose of the HW was to:

* Plan/think about the story before you code it. That is why the assignment was NOT to do it in ScratchJr.

My explanation was poor. I blame Zoom ;-) 

Many children did this: 

* One character has: Green flag, orange message, red message, yellow message.

What I wanted was:

* Each character has a green flag. No message. Messages will be sent by Buttons.

See my sample. 

The purpose of the project was:

* to show that messages can go to more than one character at a time. 
* to continue getting practice coding messages and buttons.
* Clicking a button can make several characters move at once.
* Help some students use Messages instead of Wait buttons to control sequence and timing. 

See my sample. 

### May 25th Homework

* Work on HW I gave you in class (if I did). 
* Continue adding to Message Mania.
* Send me your Message Mania project. 
* Download and install MY SAMPLE Message Mania. Try to understand it and we will work on it next week.

If you don't know what to do, just PLAY with ScratchJr. There is no correct answer! It's all good! 

Ideas: 

* Turn Message mania into a story. What happens next? What is the situation? What is the goal?
* Think about characters/actions you want first. Then code it.
* Send messages to more than one character at a time. Why would you do this?
* Use different color messages to control sequence of events. One character orange. Then red, etc.

### Also Coming Up on June 1st

3 little pigs. Do you know the story. If not, try to read it.