
### 3 Little Pigs in Scratch

One action per sentence:

Once upon a time:,
1. There were 3 pigs
2. The wolf destroyed the 1st 
3. and second house
4. The wolf couldn't destroy the last house

#### How would you tell this story in Scratch? 

1. there were three little pigs.
   * Each pig appears and introduces themselves
     * Draw each pig a little differently
     * Draw their houses.
     * Each pig says something different: name, why my house is good?

3. The wolf destroyed the 1st 
   1. The wolf appears. 
   2. He makes a sound.
   3. He introduces himself.
   4. The talks to the 1st pig.
   5. He blows his house down.
   6. The 1st pig runs to the 2nd pig.
4. and second house
   1. He talks to the second pig.
   2. He blows the house down.
   3.  The 2 pigs run away to the 3rd pigs house. 
5. The wolf couldn't destroy the last house
   1. The pig and wolf talk
   2. The wolf huffs and puffs
   3. The house shakes but doesn't fall.
   4. The wolf climbs up to the chimney 
   5. He falls in a and disappear
   6. The Pigs cheer



I will continue later. 


#### The other parts: THIS IS NOT HOMEWORK

This is how I plan to continue the story. Think about it. Do you think you can do it? Ask questions. 
2. The Character1 runs fast and the Character2 runs slow
   1. Background: We can see the whole course. The course is a maze. A small Character1 and Character2 run along it from the top left to the bottom right. At the bottom right is a river.
   2. Characters: Character1 and Character2
   3. Simplified script: 
      *Character1 goes fast, Character2 runs slow along the maze.* 
      *When Character1 gets to the bottom right, he stops at the bottom and says* 
      I am winning. I see a river. The river is beautiful. 
      *He goes off the path and walks to the river.*
3. Character1 decides to take a nap near a river. Character2 catches up to him.
   1. background: a riverbed.
   2. Characters: Character1 and Character2.
   3. Script: 
      *Character1 comes up to the river. We hear him yawn.*
      Character1: I am sleepy. I will take a nap.
      *He snores. After a while Character1 comes in and looks at him and says:* 
      Character2: That Character1 is silly. I will keep on running.
      *Character2 leaves. After he leaves, Character1 wakes up. He yawns. Then he says:* 
      Character1: That was a nice nap. Now to finish the race.
4. Character2 races past the Character1 and wins the race
   1. Background: finish line of the race. 
   2. Character1, Character2, Character3, Other Characters.
   3. Script:
      Character3: Here comes the Character2. He is going to win.
      *Character2 comes up and finishes the race.* 
      Character3: The Character2 wins.
      Other Characters: Hooray! Good Job! Fantastic! 
      *Character1 arrives. He stops. He sees Character2 has won and says:* 
      Character1: I was too proud and I lost. It's a lesson to me. 
      *The end*

### Knock Knock jokes.

1. Explain Jokes.
   1. Have group work through a couple
   2. Send jokes to individuals and have them run through them.





Knock Knock jokes are traditional jokes that kids learn in English speaking countries. Have you heard of them?

They don't make any sense, but they can be funny and creative, so people like them. Don't worry that it doesn't make sense. It is just for fun. 

How do knock knock jokes work? 
Knock knock jokes all follow the same pattern. They are a conversation with 5 parts. I speak, you speak, I speak, You speak, I speak and we are finished. That's it. 5 parts. They are like mini plays or stories. 

The first two parts are always the same.

I say Knock Knock.

You say: Who's there.

Always the same. Knock Knock. Who's there. 

<!-- In fact, if someone in the US at any time, without any reason, says to you "knock knock," they will expect you to say "Who's there?" and be ready for a knock knock joke. At any time. No warning. They don't have to say, "this is a joke" or anything like that. Just "knock knock" and everyone knows it's a joke.
 -->

The 3rd part is I say something. It might be any kind of thing. It could be a name, a word, even nonsense. Just listen carefully to what I say.

Because the 4th part is you repeat part 3 to me, exactly as I said it, no changes, BUT add "who?" after it, turning it into a question.

For example, if I say "David", you say "David, who?"

If I say "Boo", you say "Boo, who?"

Let's practice. 

Dog -> Dog who? 
Sam -> Sam who?
I want to eat cheese -> I want to each cheese who?
Hugh Who?

Then I say the punch line. Now, the punch line is the joke. It will not be a "right" answer to part 4. BUt, it will be very similar to part 4, or related to it in some way. In other words, it won't make sense, but it will be funny IF you think about it in the right way. 

Or, in other words, you may have to know something about English, or being a kid, or something outside the joke to get the joke. Or it just may be a funny way of using the same sounds, with no meaning at all. 

For example, to understand this next joke, you have to know the word for crying in English. The word is "BOO HOO". If someone says, she went "boo hoo", it means she was crying, or making sounds like she was crying. Got it? Good. Here's the joke:

Knock, knock.  
Who's There?
Boo.  
Boo hoo?  
Why are you crying?

Why is this funny? It's funny because the answer doesn't make sense. It isn't what we expected. But at the same time, in another way it makes sense because "Boo hoo" is just like "Wan Wan"; it's the sound people make when they cry, in English. See? But you have to know what "Boo Hoo" means to get the joke. But now you know it! So you I hope you can get the joke!

(Boo, by itself, is what ghosts say, but that is not related to this in any way. Boo is also what we say when we want to say we don't like something someone said or did. When the witch poisons Snow White, we say Boo. When the prince wakes her, we say YAY! But that isn't related either. It's just about the sound, and crying here.)

You can make Knock knock jokes out of almost any name. For example, Hugh has a great name for a knock know joke. Why? Because Hugh who? sounds like Yoohoo! which is what we say when we want to get someone's attention, or say hello when they are not looking at us. If you say, "Yoohoo, here I am!" I might say, "There you are. I am here too."

So here's Hugh's joke.

Knock, knock.  
Who's There?
Hugh.  
Hugh hoo.  
"There you are. I am here too."

Get it?

Akira Who? = Akkila the hun  (Attila the Hun is a famous person in history)
Anela Who? = A nail on the wall will keep your picture up!
Senosuke Who? = Say, no skiing today.
Leon who? Leon me, and I'll be your friend. (Lean on me, and I'll be your friend is part of a famous song.)
David who? The video you send me was really funny. 

Yes, they are bad, but knock knock jokes are like that. It's just fun making them up!




