---
layout: default
title: 2020 05 04 Plan 
---

* [Update scratch](#update-scratch)
* [Receiving projects](#receiving-projects)
    * [Skills Review:](#skills-review)
    * [Teacher Says Skills Review](#teacher-says-skills-review)
* [Alien Planet](#alien-planet)
      * [Questions for Alien Planet](#questions-for-alien-planet)
    * [How to send projects](#how-to-send-projects)
    * [Knock Knock jokes.](#knock-knock-jokes)
    * [Homework](#homework)

### Update scratch

### Knock Knock jokes.

Knock Knock jokes are traditional jokes that kids learn in English speaking countries. Have you heard of them?

They don't make any sense, but they can be funny and creative, so people like them. Don't worry that it doesn't make sense. It is just for fun. 

How do knock knock jokes work? 
Knock knock jokes all follow the same pattern. They are a conversation with 5 parts. I speak, you speak, I speak, You speak, I speak and we are finished. That's it. 5 parts. They are like mini plays or stories. 


The first two parts are always the same.

I say Knock KNock.

You say: Who's there.

Always the same. Knock Knock. Who's there. 

In fact, if someone in the US at any time, without any reason, says to you "knock knock," they will expect you to say "Who's there?" and be ready for a knock knock joke. At any time. No warning. They don't have to say, "this is a joke" or anything like that. Just "knock knock" and everyone knows it's a joke.

The 3rd part is I say something. It might be any kind of thing. It could be a name, a word, even nonsense. Just listen carefully to what I say.

Because the 4th part is you repeat part 3 to me, exactly as I said it, no changes, BUT add "who?" after it, turning it into a question.

For example, if I say "David", you say "David, who?"

If I say "Boo", you say "Boo, who?"

Let's practice. 

Dog -> Dog who? 
Sam -> Sam who?
I want to eat cheese -> I want to each cheese who?
Hugh Who?

Then I say the punch line. Now, the punch line is the joke. It will not be a "right" answer to part 4. BUt, it will be very similar to part 4, or related to it in some way. In other words, it won't make sense, but it will be funny IF you think about it in the right way. Or, in other words, you may have to know something about English, or being a kid, or something outside the joke to get the joke. Or it just may be a funny way of using the same sounds, with no meaning at all.

For example, to understand this next joke, you have to know the word for crying in English. The word is "BOO HOO". If someone says, she went "boo hoo", it means she was crying, or making sounds like she was crying. Got it? Good. Here's the joke:

Knock, knock.  
Who's There?
Boo.  
Boo hoo?  
Why are you crying?

Why is this funny? It's funny because the answer doesn't make sense. It isn't what we expected. But at the same time, in another way it makes sense because "Boo hoo" is just like "Wan Wan"; it's the sound people make when they cry, in English. See? But you have to know what "Boo Hoo" means to get the joke. But now you know it! So you I hope you can get the joke!

(Boo, by itself, is what ghosts say, but that is not related to this in any way. Boo is also what we say when we want to say we don't like something someone said or did. When the witch poisons Snow White, we say Boo. When the prince wakes her, we say YAY! But that isn't related either. It's just about the sound, and crying here.)

You can make Knock knock jokes out of almost any name. For example, Hugh has a great name for a knock know joke. Why? Because Hugh who? sounds like Yoohoo! which is what we say when we want to get someone's attention, or say hello when they are not looking at us. If you say, "Yoohoo, here I am!" I might say, "There you are. I am here too."

So here's Hugh's joke.

Knock, knock.  
Who's There?
Hugh.  
Hugh hoo.  
"There you are. I am here too."

Get it?

Akira Who? = Akkila the hun  (Attila the Hun is a famous person in history)
Anela Who? = A nail on the wall will keep your picture up!
Senosuke Who? = Say, no skiing today.
Leon who? Leon me, and I'll be your friend. (Lean on me, and I'll be your friend is part of a famous song.)
David who? The video you send me was really funny. 

Yes, they are bad, but knock knock jokes are like that. It's just fun making them up!


### Receiving projects

*(class note: not working yet.)*
*Open email 
Save to files 
Use file browser to open 
Some programs don't work, so do. File Explorer does.*



### Homework

#### Homework Questions for Alien Planet

* Why doesn't the sun spin forever?
* Why doesn't the alien ship forever move, hide, and show?
* Why doesn't the alien ball spin, move, and make a sound all at the same time?
* Once it is open, we are going to make a similar project. 

<!-- IF we can share!!



Here is the [Homework Project for Knock Knock Jokes][]
you download the file, please make sure you have the latest version of Scratchjr installed on your device. Then open the attached file and it should appear as a new project, with a blue ribbon.

The project has 4 pages. The first is complete and leads to the second. The second is for you to change with your own knock knock joke. The 3rd is missing some of the code. Can you figure out how to finish it? The last is for you to work with on your own. 


[Homework Project for Knock Knock Jokes]: ./scratchProjects/20200427KnockKnock.sjr -->


