
### Student Notes 



### Alien Projects

Now let's go back to the Alien Story? Can you turn this into a story, like Akira started to. What is his story? 

Once upon a time, a cat landed on the moon. 
He met an alien. 
He was very hungry.
He asked the alien if there were any mcDonald's on the moon.
The Alien said yes, but it was very far away.
They got into his ship and sailed away.


Things to check

- [ ] Every character makes a sound when you press them.
- [ ] If a character disappears, do they appear again?
- [ ] If an action goes on forever, is there a way to stop it?
- [ ] Does every character have a purpose? 
- [ ] Does every action in your program happen the way you want it to?

For example:


- [ ] Does each character have clear actions? Can you make it into a story?



#### Activity: Come up with an original story board.

1. Make a story board. 
2. Give and example from the dragon maze.
3. Fairy tales like Little red riding hood or 3 little pigs?  
4. Give a knock knock joke example.
5. Plan out the actions and reactions of the characters.
   1. Go somewhere. What happens.
   2. Talk to a character. How do they respond?
   3. Bump a character. How do they react?
6. Who are the characters? 
7. What is the situation?
   1. Where are they?
   2. What is their problem, goal, desire, situation
   3. What actions to they take?





### Receiving projects

Thank you for sending HW to me. While you are working on your project, I am going to talk to individual students about their projects. 
